You’ve committed a crime again
Miss Qín
I didn’t expect you to be this kind of person
Then our cooperative relationship
Ends here
Almost got fooled by you
Looks like
Dōng Hǎi’s entire fashion industry
Still relies on President Fù
President Fù, let’s find a chance to cooperate
Let’s go
Miss Qín, Miss Qín
Did you really plagiarize
Fù Shì Group’s work?
So, Miss Qín
Your title as a genius fashion designer
Was that plagiarized too?
Miss Qín, please answer directly
Dodging won’t solve
Any problems
I, Qín Ruò Yǔ, swear to heaven
I didn’t plagiarize any work
If I did, may I be struck by five bolts of lightning
And die a horrible death
You talk a good game
Qín Ruò Yǔ, where’s your evidence?
What exactly do you want?
To smoothly complete
The cooperation with Dì Háo Group
It won’t be that easy
If I can’t get the contract
You won’t have peace either
If you now
Kneel and kowtow three times to me
I’ll consider
Sparing you once
Who dares make my person kneel and apologize?
Such bold words